Welcome to week two of
the Capstone project.
I'm Nico Yasui, I'm a grad student
here at the University of Alberta,
and I'm one of the creators of
this specialization so far.
We've discussed a fun problem,
landing a shuttle on the moon.
We have formalized this
problem as an MDP this week.
We will begin discussing how to solve
this MDP by deciding which of the many
algorithms you have learned about
are a good fit for this problem.
You might remember our course map that
helped guide us through all the algorithms
in course 3, let's use it to decide
what algorithm to use for this Capstone.
First step, can we represent the value
function using only a table?
Let's recall the state space
of the lunar lander problem.
The agent observes the position,
orientation, velocity and
contact sensors of the lunar module.
Six of the eight state
variables are continuous,
which means that we cannot
represent them with a table.
And in any case we'd like to take
advantage of generalization to learn
faster.
Next ask yourself, would this be well
formulated as an average word problem?
Think about the dynamics of this problem.
The lunar module starts in low orbit and
descends until it comes to rest
on the surface of the moon.
This process then repeats with each
new attempt at landing beginning
independently of how
the previous one ended.
This is exactly our definition
of an episodic task.
We use the average reward formulation for
continuing tasks, so
that is not the best choice here.
So let's eliminate that
branch of algorithms.
Next we want to think about if it's
possible and beneficial to update
the policy and value function on every
time step, we can use Monte Carlo or TV.
But think about landing
your module on the moon.
If any of our sensors becomes
damaged during the episode,
we want to be able to update the policy
before the end of the episode.
It's like what we discussed
in the driving home example,
we expect the TD method to do
better in this kind of problem.
Finally, let's not lose
sight of the objective here.
We want to learn a safe and
a robust policy in our simulator so
that we can use it on the moon.
We want to learn a policy that maximizes
reward, and so this is a control task.
This leaves us with three algorithms,
SARSA, expected SARSA and Q-learning.
Since we are using function approximation,
learning and
epsilon soft policy will be more robust
than learning a deterministic policy.
Remember the example where
due to state aliasing,
a deterministic policy was suboptimal.
Expected SARSA and SARSA,
both allow us to learn
an optimal epsilon soft policy,
but Q-learning does not.
Now we need to choose between
expected SARSA and SARSA.
We mentioned in an earlier video
that expected SARSA usually
performs better than SARSA.
So, let's eliminate SARSA.
And that's it for this week,
we have now chosen an algorithm which will
provide the foundation for our agent.
See you next week.